README.md, before:

# python leetcode exercise

**It's a good time to practice algorithm :)**

try to make a progress step by step

## Question list
- [Happy Number](./happyNumber.py)
- [Max Subarray](./maxSubarray.py)
- [Move Zeros](./moveZeros.py)
- [Single Number](./singleNumber.py)
- [Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock II](./bestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII.py)
- [Group Anagrams](./groupAnagrams.py)
- [Counting Elements](./countingElements.py)
- [Middle Of The Linked List](./middleOfTheLinkedList.py)
- [Back Space String Compare](./backspaceStringCompare.py)
- [Min Stack](./minStack.py)
- [Diameter Of Binary Tree](./diameter_of_binary_tree.py)
- [Last Stone Weight](./last_stone_weight.py)
- [Contiguous Array](./contiguous_array.py)
- [Perform String Shifts](./perform_string_shifts.py)
- [Product Of Array Except Self](./product_of_array_except_self.py)
- [Number Of Islands](./number_of_islands.py)
- [Minimum Path Sum](./minimum_path_sum.py)
- [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](./search_in_rotated_sorted_array.py)
- [ Construct Binary Search Tree from Preorder Traversal](./construct_binary_search_tree_from_preorder_traversal.py)

Commit message:

Leftmost Column with at Least a One

README.md, after:

# python leetcode exercise

**It's a good time to practice algorithm :)**

try to make a progress step by step

## Question list
- [Happy Number](./happyNumber.py)
- [Max Subarray](./maxSubarray.py)
- [Move Zeros](./moveZeros.py)
- [Single Number](./singleNumber.py)
- [Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock II](./bestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII.py)
- [Group Anagrams](./groupAnagrams.py)
- [Counting Elements](./countingElements.py)
- [Middle Of The Linked List](./middleOfTheLinkedList.py)
- [Back Space String Compare](./backspaceStringCompare.py)
- [Min Stack](./minStack.py)
- [Diameter Of Binary Tree](./diameter_of_binary_tree.py)
- [Last Stone Weight](./last_stone_weight.py)
- [Contiguous Array](./contiguous_array.py)
- [Perform String Shifts](./perform_string_shifts.py)
- [Product Of Array Except Self](./product_of_array_except_self.py)
- [Number Of Islands](./number_of_islands.py)
- [Minimum Path Sum](./minimum_path_sum.py)
- [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](./search_in_rotated_sorted_array.py)
- [Construct Binary Search Tree from Preorder Traversal](./construct_binary_search_tree_from_preorder_traversal.py)
- [Leftmost Column with at Least a One](./leftmost_column_with_at_least_a_one.py)
